====================
 作業ファイルリスト
====================

.. どのファイルを誰が作業中か、をメモして置く場所。

====================  ============================  ====================
path                  filename                      status
====================  ============================  ====================
(root)                BUGS.txt                      not yet
(root)                COPYING.txt                   not yet
(root)                FAQ.txt                       not yet
(root)                HISTORY.txt                   not yet
(root)                README.txt                    translated
(root)                RELEASE-NOTES.txt             working on
(root)                THANKS.txt                    not yet
(root)                index.txt                     translated
(root)                rst.txt                       translated

doc                   index.txt                     translated

doc/api               cmdline-tool.txt              not yet
doc/api               publisher.txt                 not yet
doc/api               runtime-settings.txt          not yet

doc/dev               distributing.txt              not yet
doc/dev               enthought-plan.txt            not yet
doc/dev               enthought-rfp.txt             not yet
doc/dev               hacking.txt                   not yet
doc/dev               policies.txt                  not yet
doc/dev               pysource.txt                  not yet
doc/dev               release.txt                   not yet
doc/dev               repository.txt                not yet
doc/dev               semantics.txt                 not yet
doc/dev               testing.txt                   not yet
doc/dev               todo.txt                      not yet
doc/dev               website.txt                   not yet

doc/dev/rst           alternatives.txt              not yet
doc/dev/rst           problemts.txt                 not yet

doc/howto             html-stylesheets.txt          not yet
doc/howto             i18n.txt                      not yet
doc/howto             rst-directives.txt            not yet
doc/howto             rst-roles.txt                 not yet
doc/howto             security.txt                  not yet

doc/peps              pep-0256.txt                  not yet
doc/peps              pep-0257.txt                  not yet
doc/peps              pep-0258.txt                  not yet
doc/peps              pep-0287.txt                  not yet

doc/ref               doctree.txt                   not yet
doc/ref               transforms.txt                not yet

doc/ref/rst           definitions.txt               not yet
doc/ref/rst           directives.txt                not yet
doc/ref/rst           introduction.txt              not yet
doc/ref/rst           restructuredtext.txt          not yet
doc/ref/rst           roles.txt                     not yet

doc/user              config.txt                    not yet
doc/user              docutils-0.5-compat.sty.txt   not yet
doc/user              emacs.txt                     not yet
doc/user              latex.txt                     not yet
doc/user              links.txt                     not yet
doc/user              mailing-lists.txt             not yet
doc/user              manpage.txt                   not yet
doc/user              odt.txt                       not yet
doc/user              slide-shows.txt               not yet
doc/user              tools.txt                     not yet

doc/user/rst          cheatsheet.txt                not yet
doc/user/rst          demo.txt                      not yet
doc/user/rst          quickref.txt                  not yet
doc/user/rst          quickstart.txt                not yet
====================  ============================  ====================
